WIP Arch doc (#83)
ConsenSys/web3studio-bootleg: README.md

</h4>

<p align="center">

>   <a href="#packages">Packages</a>

Reviewer: I think you removed the separator on accident? `∙` Should add one after `Architecture` too

Author: Is that what that was? I thought it was a typo. 🤷‍♂️ I'll add it back. Good catch

<br/>

> ## Project overview

Reviewer: I've been roughly following the pattern set by sojourn https://github.com/ConsenSys/web3studio-sojourn/issues/42 for all of our readmes. 

Vaguely I would think this content belongs with the stuff on line 19 but I can see it as it's own section. 

When adding new sections, make sure to update the table of contents at the top (around line 14)

> This repo holds the code and development assets for the Bootleg SDK. The repo and many of the high level concepts in this project all pay homage to the original article about the idea published on Medium (link above). Whenever possible we have attempted to use more generic terms in our code and domain models so that as much code from this repo can be re-used, shared, re-purposed by anyone. We have done our best but it is a tradeoff between making something we feel embodies the spirit of the idea and speculating about would/would not be useful should someone decied to take our code and run with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo holds the code and development assets for the Bootleg SDK. The repo and many of the high level concepts in this project all pay homage to the original article about the idea published on Medium (link above). Whenever possible we have attempted to use more generic terms in our code and domain models so that as much code from this repo can be re-used, shared, re-purposed by anyone. We have done our best but it is a tradeoff between making something we feel embodies the spirit of the idea and speculating about would/would not be useful should someone decided to take our code and run with it.
```

☝️ bad diff, but `s/decied/decided/`

> # Orientation

Reviewer: The `Bootleg` logo is already an h1. If we need have more orientation other than packages, then bump it down a level too and update the table of contents at the top.

Everything comes together here. This is a simulated environment where you can see how to wire
everything up and even tweak with some parameters for your dApp.

> ### [`notebooks`](packages/examples/notebooks/)

Reviewer: I put these in `examples` by mistake (removing in #81), permanent home is packages/bootleg-tokens.

I would think we should reference it under the `bootleg token` header rather than it's own package. If we want to make it it's own package, I'd be good with that too.

Author: That's fine to have it under the token. Makes sense.

Early simulations of the pay-it-backward model.

> ## Some other notable items...

Reviewer: We should update the table of contents. Markdownify used the word `Related` in it's. https://github.com/amitmerchant1990/electron-markdownify/blob/master/README.md#related

Author: Sorry, I'm not sure I follow. Where does the front-matter in HTML in the README.md file come from?

> [architecture.md](docs/architecture.md) file contains drawings and description of the technical details of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bootleg Architecture](docs/architecture.md) - Drawings and descriptions of the technical details of the project.
```

Though I almost think this should be moved way higher in the doc as it is quite interesting to anyone who's made it to the repo.

Author: Yeah, actually... I'll do that now.

> # License

Reviewer: H1? I'd prefer to stay symantec with headers and keep the single h1 at the top.
